Oracle feature (#75)
autonity/docs.autonity.org: content/docs/reference/api/oracle/_index.md

Usage and Examples assume the path to the ABI file has been set in `aut`'s configuration file `.autrc`. The `Oracle.abi` file is generated when building the client from source and can be found in your `autonity` installation directory at `./common/acdefault/generated/Oracle.abi`. Alternatively, you can generate the ABI using the `abigen` `cmd` utility if you built from source (See [Install Autonity, Build from source code](/node-operators/install-aut/#install-source)).
{{% /pageinfo %}}

## getPrecision

Returns the oracle contract setting for the  multiplier applied to submitted data price reports before calculation of an aggregated median price for a symbol.

The precision is set as a constant to the integer value `10000000`.

The precision is the multiplier applied to price data points before aggregation and calculation of a median price by the Oracle Contract. Data consumers can convert the aggregated value to decimal places by dividing with the precision value.

{{< card header="Example" title="Conversion to decimal places" subtitle="" footer="" >}}

> For example, the symbol price for a currency pair is submitted with the value `1.001`. The price is multiplied with precision `10000000`, giving `10010000` which is the value submitted for price aggregation in the Oracle Contract. A data consumer can use the precision to convert the L2 aggregation value to decimal precision for their use case. For example, a median price of `12971000` converts to `1.2791`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the symbol price for a currency pair is submitted with the value `1.001`. The price is multiplied with precision `10000000`, giving `10010000` which is the value submitted for price aggregation in the Oracle Contract. A data consumer can use the precision to convert the on-chain aggregation value to decimal precision for their use case. For example, a median price of `12971000` converts to `1.2791`.
```

Reviewer: @cmjc
